the ruling party might lose the election,
and you're likely to be put in danger.
I know it's great to have power,
but I'll never
trade my child's life for it.
No one,
including Nam and An, can find out
that he has awoken.
I understand. Don't worry.
He must know Nam Tae-il's the one
who ordered to shoot him.
But he's giving up power
so easily like this?
You're right.
The ruling party's winning right now.
He can't be giving up.
If it's broadcast live
and the parents wait for him,
the students will be safe.
But you were ordered
to kill the hostages too.
If it's broadcast live, the North will
watch it too. Will it be okay?
I'm sure the North's aware
Comrade Kang's cover's been blown,
so I don't think it'll matter.
I still have a bad feeling about this.
They might be
setting a trap to save Yeong-ro only.
If my dad is planning to rescue only me,
there's a way to stop it.
Let me talk to my dad.
What did you say?
After all the hostages have been released,
I'll get in the car with Soo-ho.
Until he's left the country safely,
I will stay by his side.
You can't trust me
that much?
I will
do everything in my power
to save Soo-ho's life.
I'm sorry, Dad. But I need to see
Soo-ho leaving the country safely
with my own eyes.
I understand.
Get in the car with him.
I'll let you see him leaving safely
with your own eyes.
She wants to stay with him
until he leaves.
So you follow them and bring my daughter
back to me safely.
I will, sir.
Go to the dorm
right now.
I'll radio you as soon as it's ready.
So go stand by.
Yes, sir.
What a fool she is.
Why on earth is she taking the side
of those commies who killed her brother?
Honey.
You're at the most important crossroads
of your life right now.
If Yeong-ro's acting like this,
we won't be able to get her out.
And if you try to fool them
and anything goes wrong because of her,
your life will be ruined
as well as Yeong-ung's.
You think it'll be okay
if you work with their parents
to keep their mouths shut?
Of course,
some sensible parents
will keep their children quiet,
but who knows?
There are always troublemakers
like Reporter Gal.
To be honest, I'm worried about Gal too.
You must think
you can keep him under control
by threatening to kill his mother.